MIAJS-1306 - Print map doc (#165)
MapsIndoors/mapsindoors.github.io: collections/_various/map_print.md

---

> title: Web App - Print map

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Print map
```

nav_weight: 1300
published: true

> date: 2020-01-31

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 2020-11-06
```

permalink: /print-map/
---

## Overview

> The print map tool can be used for different purposes fx. to print evacuation routes for each floor at your venue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The print map tool is found in the Standard Web App and can be used for different purposes, e.g. to print evacuation routes for each Floor at your Venue.
```

> The print preview can be triggered by the print button at top right or by one of the following shortcuts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The print preview can be triggered by the print button in the top right corner of the map view in the Standard Web App, or by one of the following shortcuts:
```

* CMD + P (macOS)
* CTRL + P (Windows)

![Map Print Feature]({{ site.url }}/assets/various/map-print_button.png)

> which triggers a full screen map print preview as seen below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clicking the button, or hitting the keyboard combination, triggers a full screen map print preview as seen here:
```
